[1.24.0] Release notes for kots 1.24.0 (#338)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.24.0.md

---
date: 2020-11-20T10:30:14-08:00
linktitle: "1.24.0"
title: "1.24.0"
kubernetes: "1.17, 1.18, and 1.19"
---

{{<features>}}

> * Added [a command](https://kots.io/kots-cli/remove/) that allows removing application references from dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a [CLI command](https://kots.io/kots-cli/remove/) that allows removing application references from the Admin Console.
```

> * [Support bundle collected from Admin Console](https://kots.io/kotsadm/troubleshooting/support-bundle/) will now include a go-routine profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Support bundles collected from Admin Console](https://kots.io/kotsadm/troubleshooting/support-bundle/) will now include a go-routine profile.
```

{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* The same license can no longer be installed twice on the same Admin Console instance.
* [Pull policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/overview/#container-images) for Admin Console images has been changed from `Always` to `IfNotPresent` to account for new rate limits enforced by [Docker Hub](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/download-rate-limit/).

> * [License page](https://kots.io/kotsadm/updating/license-updates/) has been improved to better highlight application features.

Reviewer: Hmm... that sounds kinda hand-wavy. Maybe:

```suggestion
* Improved design of Admin Console [License page](https://kots.io/kotsadm/updating/license-updates/).
```

> * Removed support for [Kustomize 2.0.3](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#kubectlversion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed support for [Kustomize 2.0.3](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#kustomizeversion). Will use Kustomize `3.5.4` regardless of what is specified.
```
